c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\bin\Debug\Tasky.exe.config
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\bin\Debug\Tasky.exe
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\bin\Debug\Tasky.pdb
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\Tasky_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\Tasky_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\Tasky.g.resources
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\Tasky.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\Tasky.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\Tasky.exe
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\Tasky.pdb
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\Controls\TaskModelControl.g.cs
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\Views\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\Controls\TaskModelControl.baml
c:\users\nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\Views\MainPage.baml
C:\Users\Nuwan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Nuwan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Nuwan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Nuwan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsPage.baml
C:\Users\Nuwan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\bin\Debug\Tasky.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Nuwan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\bin\Debug\Tasky.application
C:\Users\Nuwan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\Tasky.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Nuwan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\Tasky.application
C:\Users\Nuwan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tasky\Tasky\obj\Debug\Tasky.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
